README.md, before:

# Shady
[![Windows](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/windows.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/windows.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Ubuntu](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/ubuntu.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/ubuntu.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)

------------------------------------------------------------

Shady is a 3D rendering engine written in modern C++ and Vulkan. It's not meant to be a fully fledged rendering/game engine, it's just a fun project I'm doing in my free time. </br>

This project is in an early stage so it's still missing many basic features. For current roadmap/planned features see [Github Project](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/projects/2) </br>

Below you can see famous [Sponza](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sponza_Palace) scene rendered using Shady.
![Sponza](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/wiki/screenshot_vulkan.PNG)

------------------------------------------------------------
## Building

Shady is CMake based project working both on Linux (Ubuntu) and Windows. To build it, you will need at least C++17 compiler and CMake version 3.18. </br>
While most of the dependencies will be handled by CMake, it's required that you have Vulkan installed on your machine.

Typical build process would look like this:
```bash
# Create build directory
mkdir build && cd build

# Generate build system for Windows/Linux
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 2019" ..
cmake -G "Ninja" ..

# Build
cmake --build .
```

Commit message:

[#102]: Update README with Conan info

README.md, after:

# Shady
[![Windows](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/windows.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/windows.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Ubuntu](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/ubuntu.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/actions/workflows/ubuntu.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)

------------------------------------------------------------

Shady is a 3D rendering engine written in modern C++ and Vulkan. It's not meant to be a fully fledged rendering/game engine, it's just a fun project I'm doing in my free time. </br>

This project is in an early stage so it's still missing many basic features. For current roadmap/planned features see [Github Project](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/projects/2) </br>

Below you can see famous [Sponza](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sponza_Palace) scene rendered using Shady.
![Sponza](https://github.com/JacobDomagala/Shady/wiki/screenshot_vulkan.PNG)

------------------------------------------------------------
## Building

Shady is CMake/Conan based project working both on Linux (Ubuntu) and Windows. To build it, you will need at least C++17 compiler and CMake version 3.18. </br>
While most of the dependencies will be handled by Conan/CMake, it's required that you have Vulkan installed on your machine.

Typical build process would look like this:
```bash
# Create build directory
mkdir build && cd build

# Use newer ABI
conan profile new default --detect
conan profile update settings.compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11 default
conan install $GITHUB_WORKSPACE --output-folder=build --build=missing --settings=build_type=Release

# Generate build system for Windows/Linux
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 2019" ..
cmake -G "Ninja" ..

# Build
cmake --build .
```
